also aim
also aims
also anticipate
also anticipates
also assume
also assumes
also believe
also believes
also commit
also commits
also estimate
also estimates
also expect
also expects
also forecast
also forecasts
also foresee
also foresees
also hope
also hopes
also intend
also intends
also plan
also plans
also project
also projects
also seek
also seeks
also target
also targets
also will
and aim
and aims
and anticipate
and anticipates
and assume
and assumes
and believe
and believes
and commit
and commits
and estimate
and estimates
and expect
and expects
and forecast
and forecasts
and foresee
and foresees
and hope
and hopes
and intend
and intends
and plan
and plans
and project
and projects
and seek
and seeks
and target
and targets
and will
anticipate
anticipates
are aimed
are aiming
are anticipated
are anticipating
are assumed
are assuming
are believed
are believing
are committed
are committing
are estimated
are estimating
are expected
are expecting
are forecasted
are forecasting
are foreseeing
are foreseen
are hoped
are hoping
are intended
are intending
are planed
are planning
are projected
are projecting
are seeking
are sought
are targeted
are targeting
are willing
assume
assumes
believe
believes
but aim
but aims
but anticipate
but anticipates
but assume
but assumes
but believe
but believes
but commit
but commits
but estimate
but estimates
but expect
but expects
but forecast
but forecasts
but foresee
but foresees
but hope
but hopes
but intend
but intends
but plan
but plans
but project
but projects
but seek
but seeks
but target
but targets
but will
commit
commits
company aims
company anticipates
company assumes
company believes
company commits
company estimates
company expects
company forecasts
company foresees
company hopes
company intends
company plans
company projects
company seeks
company targets
corporation aims
corporation anticipates
corporation assumes
corporation believes
corporation commits
corporation estimates
corporation expects
corporation forecasts
corporation foresees
corporation hopes
corporation intends
corporation plans
corporation projects
corporation seeks
corporation targets
currently aim
currently aimed
currently aiming
currently aims
currently anticipate
currently anticipated
currently anticipates
currently anticipating
currently assume
currently assumed
currently assumes
currently assuming
currently believe
currently believed
currently believes
currently believing
currently commit
currently commits
currently committed
currently committing
currently estimate
currently estimated
currently estimates
currently estimating
currently expect
currently expected
currently expecting
currently expects
currently forecast
currently forecasted
currently forecasting
currently forecasts
currently foresee
currently foreseeing
currently foreseen
currently foresees
currently hope
currently hoped
currently hopes
currently hoping
currently intend
currently intended
currently intending
currently intends
currently plan
currently planed
currently planning
currently plans
currently project
currently projected
currently projecting
currently projects
currently seek
currently seeking
currently seeks
currently sought
currently target
currently targeted
currently targeting
currently targets
currently will
currently willing
do not aim
do not anticipate
do not assume
do not believe
do not commit
do not estimate
do not expect
do not forecast
do not foresee
do not hope
do not intend
do not plan
do not project
do not seek
do not target
do not will
does not aim
does not anticipate
does not assume
does not believe
does not commit
does not estimate
does not expect
does not forecast
does not foresee
does not hope
does not intend
does not plan
does not project
does not seek
does not target
does not will
expect
expects
firm aims
firm anticipates
firm assumes
firm believes
firm commits
firm estimates
firm expects
firm forecasts
firm foresees
firm hopes
firm intends
firm plans
firm projects
firm seeks
firm targets
foresee
foresees
intend
intends
is aimed
is aiming
is anticipated
is anticipating
is assumed
is assuming
is believed
is believing
is committed
is committing
is estimated
is estimating
is expected
is expecting
is forecasted
is forecasting
is foreseeing
is foreseen
is hoped
is hoping
is intended
is intending
is planed
is planning
is projected
is projecting
is seeking
is sought
is targeted
is targeting
is willing
management aims
management anticipates
management assumes
management believes
management commits
management estimates
management expects
management forecasts
management foresees
management hopes
management intends
management plans
management projects
management seeks
management targets
normally aim
normally aims
normally anticipate
normally anticipates
normally assume
normally assumes
normally believe
normally believes
normally commit
normally commits
normally estimate
normally estimates
normally expect
normally expects
normally forecast
normally forecasts
normally foresee
normally foresees
normally hope
normally hopes
normally intend
normally intends
normally plan
normally plans
normally project
normally projects
normally seek
normally seeks
normally target
normally targets
normally will
not aimed
not aiming
not anticipated
not anticipating
not assumed
not assuming
not believed
not believing
not committed
not committing
not estimated
not estimating
not expected
not expecting
not forecasted
not forecasting
not foreseeing
not foreseen
not hoped
not hoping
not intended
not intending
not planed
not planning
not projected
not projecting
not seeking
not sought
not targeted
not targeting
not willing
now aim
now aimed
now aiming
now aims
now anticipate
now anticipated
now anticipates
now anticipating
now assume
now assumed
now assumes
now assuming
now believe
now believed
now believes
now believing
now commit
now commits
now committed
now committing
now estimate
now estimated
now estimates
now estimating
now expect
now expected
now expecting
now expects
now forecast
now forecasted
now forecasting
now forecasts
now foresee
now foreseeing
now foreseen
now foresees
now hope
now hoped
now hopes
now hoping
now intend
now intended
now intending
now intends
now plan
now planed
now planning
now plans
now project
now projected
now projecting
now projects
now seek
now seeking
now seeks
now sought
now target
now targeted
now targeting
now targets
now will
now willing
seek
seeks
still aim
still aimed
still aiming
still aims
still anticipate
still anticipated
still anticipates
still anticipating
still assume
still assumed
still assumes
still assuming
still believe
still believed
still believes
still believing
still commit
still commits
still committed
still committing
still estimate
still estimated
still estimates
still estimating
still expect
still expected
still expecting
still expects
still forecast
still forecasted
still forecasting
still forecasts
still foresee
still foreseeing
still foreseen
still foresees
still hope
still hoped
still hopes
still hoping
still intend
still intended
still intending
still intends
still plan
still planed
still planning
still plans
still project
still projected
still projecting
still projects
still seek
still seeking
still seeks
still sought
still target
still targeted
still targeting
still targets
still will
still willing
we aim
we anticipate
we assume
we believe
we commit
we estimate
we expect
we forecast
we foresee
we hope
we intend
we plan
we project
we seek
we target
we will
will












